New Year's evening on CBS continues in
the company of Jim Taggart and beginning
in two minutes on for three hours of
history and nostalgia from the world of
television the A to Z of TV a is for
Ally Pally the birthplace of BBC TV and
z is for zebra D time for bed 11:35 D is
for DES in this case O'Conner hosting
the TV Times Awards tomorrow evening on
CBS at nine o'clock we are getting ready
for the reader's digest greatest ever
prize draw when the draw takes place
these lights will show us where the
prize winners live some of them could be
living in the TV s television area and
someone somewhere is going to win the
first prize of 150 thousand pounds so if
you're lucky enough to get some prize
draw numbers return them immediately
because the sooner you enter the more
you could win nestling among hundreds of
acres of beautiful English woodland is
Center parks
a family holiday route around an amazing
subtropical swimming paradise
at centre parks the first thing you do
is unwind
then you can choose to do as little or
as much as you like indoors outdoors
everything you need for fun or
relaxation ring for the brochure Center
Parcs unique British holiday the weather
comes because can Darrell have taste as
good as sugar he won't notice any
difference except one isn't it time you
moved over to can Darrell
she's from your four seconds later the
rental 19 shemagh a new saloon in 7495
pounds should you find yourself in Japan
and in need of refreshment here's how to
ask for your favorite mint in Japanese
Paula how did George Graham plan to
snatch the title in almost the last kick
of the season I'll tell you this the
agony the ecstasy the skills the spills
the all-time heroes tomorrow's
superstars the great games the great
clubs so get inside football now if you
really want to know the score a dose of
even the most effective cough medicine
will only work for a few hours so
Beecham have developed new cough camps a
capsule that gives up to eight hours
relief that can mean a complete night's
sleep for a cough free working day
without make mind drowsy Meechum cough
caps after eight hours cough relief day
or night a new drama starts tonight at
ten twenty I just can't do this me where
the hands of a stranger the rapes
occurred in some apartment here in town
and ignores and I'm cured you want to
convict this man you'll have to say will
a conviction relieve the nightmares this
dude is your husband do you think they'd
come forward when the knife isn't
killing us they did that's what they're
counting on
take off your clothes escape the hands
of a stranger tonight 1020 on TBS the
next bulletin of national and
international news on CBS is at ten
o'clock with ITN first we journey north
of the border with Detective Chief
Inspector Jim Taggart
you